[docs] Improve and update Set up your tools (#47078)
expo/expo: docs/pages/tutorial/build-with-ai/set-up-your-tools.mdx

</Step>

<Step label="3">

## Install Node.js

Let's run your first prompt and install Node.js.

> Node.js is the runtime that powers Expo's developer tools. Run the following prompt that downloads the **LTS** version from [nodejs.org](https://nodejs.org/en).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Node.js is the runtime that powers Expo's developer tools. Run the following prompt that will instruct your agent to download the **Long-Term Support (LTS)** version from [nodejs.org](https://nodejs.org/en).
```
